[pop music playing]
SOMETHING WICKED THIS WAY COMES
[man] The cowboy is dead?
[man #2] Is that even possible?
[man #3] There's no mistake.
[man #1] Who's responsible?
[man #3] The Zero-Zero cyborgs.
[man #4] Oh, them.
I did realize
that he'd jumped the gun.
[man #2]
Shouldn't they be dealt with?
[man #1] I have no objections.
[man #3] Hmm. Teacher,
will you handle this?
[man #4] Very well.
[man #4] Something came up.
I'm canceling
this afternoon's class.
Would you inform my students?
[Joe] Well, Ms. Davenport...
I guess our only choice
is to believe what you told us.
Call me Lucy.
[Heinrich] Lucy.
Now, you told us that those
people murdered your father,
but it's unlikely
that they'd just kill him
because he discovered
their existence.
He'd be hard pressed
to find someone
who'd believe
a race of immortals
are running the world
from the shadows.
It's a hard pill to swallow.
So you're saying just because
of that thing, they killed him?
If that's true,
then we need to find out
what it is we're dealing with,
and quickly.
It's like a child's
spy notebook, right?
Just like you said,
the Blessed do exist,
but I'm really not sure
if we should be taking them on.
They assaulted us
without a second thought,
and that makes them enemies.
[Joe] All we managed to do
when we fought them
was brush away the sparks
that rained down on us.
Unless they're recognized
as enemies of the entire world,
I don't think we should make
any moves against them.
I'd have to agree
with Joe on this.
[Joe] I'm sure
you're disappointed,
but if we take any action,
it would cause an incident
the world couldn't ignore.
But listen.
You've been fighting for justice
all this time, right?
We need you. Please.
What you call justice may not be
the same thing as our justice.
Right now, all we want
is to live normal lives.
[Lucy sighs]
It looks like you have
your answer, Ms. Davenport.
I'm afraid that springing into
action is out of the question.
Besides, the United Nations
have their Guardians now, too.
Hold on.
But what if the Blessed are
controlling the United Nations?
That is within the realm
of possibility, I admit.
But I've got an old friend
on the U.N.'s Peace
Observation Committee,
so don't worry.
Let's hit the road.
We'll escort you
until they come pick you up.
But I thought the Guardians
were coming here.
No.
In other words, you don't
want them to find this place.
Wait. Ms. Davenport...
do you have a second?
Get in.
[Françoise] The Guardians'
E.T.A. is two hours.
[Heinrich, via communicator]
Roger that.
[Françoise] By the way,
I did some research
on the man
who attacked us just now.
Did you find anything?
[Françoise] Arnold Knox--
looks like he really was
the wealthiest mogul in Texas.
[Pyunma]
So you're saying the mogul
was a monster in disguise?
He's from an old family
that's lived there
since before the Civil War.
Arnold Knox is its current
patriarch and its seventh head.
[Heinrich] So, basically,
he's a well-bred cowboy.
[Françoise] The thing is
there's something strange
about the former patriarchs.
This is Arnold Knox,
and this is his predecessor,
and here's the patriarch
before that.
[Pyunma] You mean
they're all the same person?
Well, he is "Junior"
in name, but...
[both] Hmm.
I'm all right.
Thank you, though.
[chuckles]
It's clear. Come in.
[Heinrich] Wait here for now.
Try to stay away
from the windows, okay?
[grunts]
[Ivan, telepathically]
I didn't sense it yesterday,
but someone
is using telepathy right now.
It doesn't bode well.
[rumbling]
[both grunt]
What?
[debris clattering]
[Heinrich] Lucy!
[Pyunma]
What the heck just happened?
-[weapon cocks]
-Where'd it come from?
[Françoise] From what I can see,
there's only one car nearby.
[both growl]
[both groan]
Get in.
Damn it.
They killed Lucy.
[tires squeal]
Who else knew about the meet-up?
Only the Guardians, right?
[Françoise]
That's what I thought.
[Ivan]
There must have been a leak
somewhere along the line.
[gasps]
Everything that Lucy said
is ringing true.
-Damn it.
-Perhaps.
Have we any idea how the Blessed
are coordinating their attack?
I lack sufficient data
at this time,
although it does seem as if
an organization's behind this.
[G.B.] Hello. Stowaway here.
Huh? Eh!
Yo. [chuckles]
[Pyunma] 007.
I'm taking the long way home,
but they're still tailing us.
So tell me,
are we going to lead them home,
or are we going
to deal with them?
I think you
already know that answer.
[weapon cocks]
004! 008! Please respond.
What's wrong?
I think something's
happened to them.
[groans] Damn it.
[grunts]
Who's this guy?
[yelps]
Oh, no.
[grunting]
[Françoise]
002, please respond!
002, or Jet Link.
You're far too dependent
on your flying.
What in the blue blazes?
[Geronimo grunts]
[grunts]
-[clang]
-[grunts]
Don't approach him
directly from the front.
Damn you.
How'd he do that?
[Ivan] He altered
the density of the air
and refracted the beam.
[grunting]
Ai-yah!
[grunts]
Come on.
What is up with this freak show?
[Ivan] He's manipulating gravity
with his gestures.
[Françoise] And he has
to look at his opponent
before he launches each attack.
That must be
what those goggles are for.
[Ivan] The effect
loses strength with distance.
Like the glow of a flashlight,
it can only reach so far.
Well look, if we can't
get in his face, how are we
-supposed to beat him?
-[Joe]We'll just have to
-make sure he doesn't spot us.
-[gasps]
[Jet] Joe? Where have you been?
Sorry. I was making sure
they were safe.
Accelerator!
Try this.
I can't get near this guy.
[gasps]
[lenses whir]
009, Joe Shimamura.
You're everything I'd expect
of the cyborg who saved
the world from nuclear winter.
Wait a minute.
You know about us?
Yes, everything
there is to know.
[inhales]
Watch your back, 009.
His mental energy
has intensified.
[panting]
You did well to evade that.
Still, I read all your moves.
You don't hold
any surprises for me.
Joe.
003, I need you
to take me outside.
That's too risky.
They're in far more danger
fighting him.
[Teacher, thinking]
Hmm? Who's that?
Is there someone else there?
[Ivan] That sensation,
it's the telepathy
I detected earlier.
003. 001.
Is that you, Ivan Whisky?
We've never conversed
via telepathy before.
[Teacher]
I always thought that you were
merely a mechanical psychic,
but that's not the case, is it?
Are you one of us?
[Ivan] Me?
[chuckles]
For the first time in ages,
my interest is piqued.
I have no use for junk.
[yelps]
[grunts]
-Eh?
-Now.
I neutralized
his gravity field.
What kind of power is that?
There's nothing we can do.
We can't get close to him.
Yeah? Watch me.
Such a monotonous
mode of attack.
-[gasps]
-[grunting]
[Joe] 005.
[groans]
[grunting]
008.
Sorry we're late.
[gasping]
How'd you like my blitz attack?
Payback time.
Blimey, that's one tough bloke.
[yelps]
Damn.
[Heinrich] Why won't you die?
Oh, all right.
First I'll take out the garbage.
009.
Huh? How'd you get inside?
[gasps]
[Ivan sighs]
All right, then. Let's see
who's hiding behind this mask.
[Françoise] This man...
he was in all those photos.
[Joe] Well, that would explain
why he knew so much about us.
Yes. I believe they're mutants,
each with a different power.
Hmm?
Ivan?
Oh, he's asleep.
[Dr. Gilmore]
Teleportation is hard on him.
He'll be sleeping for a while.
[cyborgs gasp]
[Heinrich] Lucy.
[G.B.]
"All the world's a stage,"
and I am playing my part.
[Heinrich chuckles]
That was your game.
Thank you.
And thank you
for your cooperation, dear lady.
Forgive me.
The plan was
to keep an eye on the enemy.
However, it was more
than I'd bargained for.
I can't begin to thank you
for saving me...
all of you,
even though I was the one
who dragged you into this.
Thanks.
[engine whirring]
[ballad playing]
[singing in Japanese]